All right cool deals and a comment back out this conditional statement right here and I'm going to comment
back in the first conditional that we wrote with our block level function now.
So far we've been using.
Use strict mode inside of six which means that these functions I declare will be restrained to this
particular code block scope right here.
Now if I'm not using.
Use strict mode inside of 6.
A very interesting thing happened.
So let me go ahead and take this and I'll bring it back up to where you can see it very clearly like
so you're going to see that it says function and then function.
So in other words if you do not have a use strict mode activated inside of six then what's going to
happen is the function instead of being restrained to this block scope.
Right here is going to get hoisted up to the closest enclosing scope.
In this case it would be the global scope and that's why I can see that it's a function outside of this
code block right here because it's actually being hoisted to the top of the global scope.
Instead of being hoisted to the top of this block scope right here in this would also be true if I wrapped
it inside of a function or anything like that.
So an important difference to keep in mind if you're using use strict inside of us 5 it's going to tell
you that this syntax is completely invalid.
If you use use strict inside of 6 it's going to allow this syntax and also restrain your function to
the block scope.
And lastly if you do not have use strict mode activated inside of 6 it's going to hoist your function
instead of to the block scope top to the top of the enclosing scope.